README.md, before:

# Nested
A generic nested data structure textual format.

Data is formed by nested lists with associated key-value paired data.
Each list can have any number of elements, either sublists or text values, and any number of key-value data.
Particularly, a list containing only sequential data would be like regular *lists* or *arrays* and
a list containing only key-value data would be like *maps* or *dictionaries*.


## Format

- Whitespace, commas `,` and semi-colons `;` separates list nodes
- Any non-whitespace sequence that don't fall in any of the following rules
  is a text value
- Parenthesis `()`, brackets `[]` or braces `{}` delimit a child list
- Starting single quotes `'`, double quotes `"` and backticks ``` `` ``` delimit a single 
  text value that may contain otherwise special characters, like `()`, `[]`, `,`, `:` or `;`.
  The quotation marks can be escaped by being doubled, so that the text `'one ''quoted'' phrase'`
  content becomes `one 'quoted' phrase`, for example. Notice that quotation marks can
  appear normally in the middle of text values, like `f'` or `double"quotes"`
- A mumber sign `#` starts a comment, so the rest of the line text is discarded.
  To use `#` as the first character in a text value, the text must be quoted
- A colon `:` just after a text value marks a key-value data binding
  with the just parsed text value being the key and the following node
  being a value. To use `:` in a text value, the text must be quoted.
  Notice that keys are always text, but values can be either text or nested lists.


## Implementations
For now, there is an implementation in [Lua](lua/README.md). [Lua tables](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.5.html)
are exactly a representation of data with both sequential and key-pair values.

Commit message:

Remove some unused values in code, update documentation, update README

README.md, after:

# Nested
A generic nested data structure textual format.

Data is formed by nested lists with associated key-value paired data.
Each list can have any number of elements, either sublists or text values, and any number of key-value data.
Particularly, a list containing only sequential data would be like regular *lists* or *arrays* and
a list containing only key-value data would be like *maps* or *dictionaries*.


## Format

- Whitespace, commas `,` and semi-colons `;` separates list nodes
- Any non-whitespace sequence that don't fall in any of the following rules
  is a text value
- Parenthesis `()`, brackets `[]` or braces `{}` delimit a child list
- Starting single quotes `'`, double quotes `"` and backticks <code>\`</code> delimit a single 
  text value that may contain otherwise special characters, like `()`, `[]`, `,`, `:` or `;`.
  The quotation marks can be escaped by being doubled, so that the text `'one ''quoted'' phrase'`
  content becomes `one 'quoted' phrase`, for example. Notice that quotation marks can
  appear normally in the middle of text values, like `f'` or `double"quotes"`
- A mumber sign `#` starts a comment, so the rest of the line text is discarded.
  To use `#` as the first character in a text value, the text must be quoted
- A colon `:` just after a text value marks a key-value data binding
  with the just parsed text value being the key and the following node
  being a value. To use `:` in a text value, the text must be quoted.
  Notice that keys are always text, but values can be either text or nested lists.

It's interesting to notice that **Nested** is a superset of the [JSON](https://www.json.org) language,
although it does not enforce the same semantics for non-textual values like numbers and `null`, nor
text escape sequences.


## Implementations
For now, there is an implementation in Lua. [Lua tables](https://www.lua.org/pil/2.5.html)
are exactly a representation of data with both sequential and key-pair values.

Install it using [Luarocks](https://luarocks.org/):

    $ luarocks install --server=https://luarocks.org/dev nested

Or just copy `nested.lua` into your Lua path and `require` it, the module has no dependencies.

There is also a Command Line Interface script for reading and reformatting nested data in the file `lua/main.lua`.
When installing with [Luarocks](https://luarocks.org/), the CLI script is installed as the `nested` command.
